oh my god we're going to the Cayman
Island it is quarter to eleven I don't
know I've just been known through video
and Mason's just finishes rugby games
we're just waiting to find out with his
birthday feeling like everything to go
and now we're going but in the morning
and we're flying from London Heathrow so
compact completely like I'm prepared I
am NOT ready to go out in the back of it
but we'll just make you have the top
right now I don't even have a seat
computer I'm gonna go find buy a
suitcase from Tesco I just got out the
taxi will get in I'll take it to the
train we're actually early Malayan pit
code
we just
now
[Music]
not actually that visitor of asbestos
from jam-pack just checked our bag thing
and I actually will both overweight
slightly Mason think it was more
overweight than mine actually I chose
that and here to put some stuff in my
suitcase which is funny also I was just
uh well I checked in fine good to go and
I've just remembered we've obviously got
to go through security Alex you always
forget that part I'm really hungry and
I'm so exhausted that religion wouldn't
eat at us at forty minutes I'm so tired
we just flew through security and got
stopped too many times so got my heart
[Music]
trying to be stress-free late often to
the airport just sat down there's a huge
queue I'm gonna start boarding about
half now ago so we're just gonna take a
minute you know such a nice day in the
UK hopefully we'll come back to the nice
weather to any of you guys when you care
hope you manage to get out and some
sunshine whilst it here most of it
[Music]
Oh
easter is an absolute lifesaver right
now in fact you see that the United just
go out of the shower when you spray on
your face
[Music]
and rain it
I've never that works
like he had 14 hour
so we have just hit lady the Priya this
is tiny like we thought it was gonna be
like half an hour drive even saw where
our hotel was and China is tired or C
Prime and it's five minutes
Mason thank darling
long been in the caiman adaptive yeah
hopefully I saw some Caribbean food so
I'll show you and bring it along with so
my first dinner and they came Jax again
some ducklings right on
what way yes
[Music]
you